what's up you guys Kiki from nylon pain
we just landed in houston we're planning
a show tomorrow at mr. econ hot I'm
sweating and we're at coreanos runs off
it is my honey um he just hooked me up
with your guys is korean BBQ burrito the
Dawson apparently that's what would you
say but I it's pretty stellar it's got
Korean presence inside of the meat of
all so that's kimchi and cheese and that
sounds like heaven in my mouth on our
trash cans plane to room
so we heading back to the airport oh gee
LA and we had an awesome time at anime
Matsuri it was amazing had so many cool
fans come up total an emerg played an
awesome show with Rekha I'm as cool um
I'm dead I think I've slept like two
hydrogen um a little more than that
maybe not but uh oh we have so many
crazy stories um they don't report in
other videos tell you and we get
we missed our flight huh so we had to
get on to another one but we're okay
everything's going smoothly and i'm
hungry and sleepy so cats everything
because i think happen cat all the above
okay